{\rtf1\ansi\deff3\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f4\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Sans{\*\falt Arial};}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Droid Sans Fallback;}{\f6\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 FreeSans;}{\f7\fswiss\fprq0\fcharset0 FreeSans;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033 Normal;}
{\s15\sbasedon0\snext16\sb240\sa120\keepn\dbch\af5\dbch\af6\afs28\loch\f4\fs28 Heading;}
{\s16\sbasedon0\snext16\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140 Text Body;}
{\s17\sbasedon16\snext17\sl288\slmult1\sb0\sa140\dbch\af7 List;}
{\s18\sbasedon0\snext18\sb120\sa120\noline\i\dbch\af7\afs24\ai\fs24 Caption;}
{\s19\sbasedon0\snext19\noline\dbch\af7 Index;}
}{\info{\creatim\yr2014\mo11\dy6\hr14\min17}{\revtim\yr2014\mo11\dy6\hr19\min46}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\comment LibreOffice}{\vern67241730}}\deftab709
\viewscale100
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse451\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\pgdscnxt0 Default Style;}}
\formshade\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\sectunlocked1\pgndec\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pgndec\pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\tab }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Programming in the age of computers is important. In any form of writing, whether in programming languages or in the written word there exists a variety of styles and languages. In Java there are several different styles of programming, the main method which places all executable code under the main method (example 1), the top-down approach (example 2) which constructs multiple methods that the main method executes, and object oriented programming (example 3).}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\tab The first block of code provided to me uses the main method, placing all executable under the main method and runs the code line by line, it doesn't jump around like the top-down approach, nor does it refer to objects like object oriented programming.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\tab }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
The second block of code provided to me uses the top-down method, placing the main executable code under the main methods, but the code under the main method occasionally refers to another method, creating a sort of hierarchy in the code when executing. It is easier to read top-down styled code compared to main method code when both lack comments in the code. Like the main method, the top-down approach does not refer to objects like in object oriented programming.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\tab }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
The third block of code provided to me uses object oriented programming and refers to the hello object and to the printTwoLines method to execute the program and print the results. Unlike the main method which executes the code line by line or unlike the top-down method which executes the code when referred to another method in the main.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\dbch\af5\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\alang1081\loch\f3\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\tab }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
So as we can see programming is much like writing in that there exists a variety of styles and languages in which you can write. We can see that while the main-method is easy to write, the top down method is easy to read, that the object oriented method will streamline code when we begin writing large programs.}
\par }